Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/lowestRole.md

```
$lowestRole[userID]
```
## Parameters

> - `UserID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : Returns the user's lowest role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `userID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The user for which to return the lowest role.
```
